Update documentation (#92)
mspnp/aks-baseline-multi-region: docs/deploy/10-validation.md

At the same time, you observe a new outage with the same symptoms as before, but it is now in Central US. Once again the compute units are close to 0 and healthiness is about to drop to 0% a few seconds later. It does not represent a threat since just a moment ago traffic had already flowed to East US 2.

Around 5:15 PM all regions are operative, and the clients never suffered the consequences of these multiple total region outages.

![Azure Monitor Dashboard that helps to observe the Central US stops serving in favor of East US 2 region as this is back from first incident. It displays the traffic flowing now the other way around from Central US to East US 2](images/azure-monitor-dashboard-back-to-normal.png)

> Note: Based on the inbound multi-cluster traffic flow count and the Application Gateway Health Dashboard Metrics: :large_blue_circle: East US 2 :red_circle: Central US

## Validate the centralized Azure Log Analytics workspace logs

> Each cluster's logs are stored in the `ContainerLogs` log within the shared Log Analytics workspace. In the case of your workload, you could also include additional logging and telemetry frameworks, such as Application Insights. Here are the steps to view the built-in application logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each cluster's logs are stored in the same `ContainerLogsV2` table within the shared Log Analytics workspace. In the case of your workload, you could also include additional logging and telemetry frameworks, such as Application Insights. Here are the steps to view the built-in application logs:
```

1. In the Azure portal, navigate to your AKS cluster resource group (`rg-bu0001a0042-shared-\<region>`).
1. Select your Log Analytics Workspace resource.
1. Navigate under General and click Logs. Then execute the following query

   ```kusto
   ContainerLogV2
   | project TimeGenerated, LogMessage, Computer, ContainerName, ContainerId
   | order by TimeGenerated desc
   ```

## Traffic Analytics

> > :book: The networking team is now dealing with multiple clusters in different regions. Understanding how the traffic flows at layers 4 and 7 through their deployed networking topology is now more critical than ever. That's why the team is evaluating different tooling that could provide monitoring over their networks. One of the Azure Monitor products is Network Watcher, wjhich offers two really interesting features: NSG flow logs, and with it, [Traffic Analytics](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/network-watcher/traffic-analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :book: The networking team is now dealing with multiple clusters in different regions. Understanding how the traffic flows at layers 4 and 7 through their deployed networking topology is now more critical than ever. That's why the team is evaluating different tooling that could provide monitoring over their networks. One of the Azure Monitor products is Network Watcher, which offers two really interesting features: NSG flow logs, and with it, [Traffic Analytics](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/network-watcher/traffic-analytics).
```
